Docs 6216 crypto new v4.2 (#890)
mulesoft/docs-mule-runtime-3: modules/ROOT/pages/cryptography-xml.adoc

<crypto:xml-validate config-ref="asymmetricConfig" keyId="myAsymKey" elementPath="/PurchaseOrder/Buyer"/>
----

> If the document has multiple signatures, you need to set the `elementPath` attribute to select the signature to validate. Specify a signed element using an XPath expression to validate the signature used to sign that element.

Reviewer: Should XPath be in backticks?

== Targeting a Custom namespace With elementPath

> To sign or validate an XML element that is inside a custom `namespace`, you have to specify the namespace. To define a namespace use the XPath functions: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/XPath/Functions/namespace-uri[namespace-uri] and https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/XPath/Functions/local-name[local-name].

Reviewer: Add a comma after namespace.

<crypto:xml-validate config-ref="asymmetricConfig" keyId="myAsymKey" elementPath="/PurchaseOrder/Buyer"/>
----

> If the document to validate has multiple signatures, the `elementPath` attribute must be set and has to select any of the signatures. The XPath expression specifies the element that has the signature to validate.

Reviewer 2: It's more of a relationship of being the target of the signature, more than having the signature itself.

> If the document has multiple signatures, you need to set the `elementPath` attribute to select the signature to validate. Specify a signed element using an XPath expression to validate the signature used to sign that element.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If the document has multiple signatures, set `elementPath` to the signature to validate. Specify a signed element using an XPath expression to validate the signature for that element.
```
Edits for minimalism. Your choice.

> == Targeting a Custom namespace With elementPath

Reviewer 4: Targeting a Custom Namespace with elementPath

> == Targeting a Custom Namespace With elementPath

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
== Targeting a Custom Namespace by Using elementPath
```
Just to clarify the use of "with," which can be confusing.

> To sign or validate an XML element that is inside a custom `namespace`, you have to define the namespace. To define a namespace use the Xpath functions: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/XPath/Functions/namespace-uri[namespace-uri] and https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/XPath/Functions/local-name[local-name].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To sign or validate an XML element that is inside a custom `namespace`, you have to specify the namespace. To define a namespace use the Xpath functions: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/XPath/Functions/namespace-uri[namespace-uri] and https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/XPath/Functions/local-name[local-name].
```

> To sign or validate an XML element that is inside a custom `namespace`, you have to specify the namespace. To define a namespace, use the XPath functions: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/XPath/Functions/namespace-uri[namespace-uri] and https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/XPath/Functions/local-name[local-name].

Reviewer 3: Can we choose the most precise of "sign or validate" and use it only? 
GLOBALLY avoid using more than one term or phrase to mean one thing.

> To sign or validate an XML element that is inside a custom `namespace`, you have to specify the namespace. To define a namespace, use the XPath functions: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/XPath/Functions/namespace-uri[namespace-uri] and https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/XPath/Functions/local-name[local-name].

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To sign an XML element that is inside a custom namespace, specify the namespace by using the XPath functions https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/XPath/Functions/namespace-uri[namespace-uri] and https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/XPath/Functions/local-name[local-name].
```

For example, consider the following document:
[source,xml,linenums]
----
<soap:Envelope xmlns:soap="http://www.w3.org/2003/05/soap-envelope/">
    <FirstElement>
        <!-- Some content -->
    </FirstElement>
    <SecondElement>
        <!-- Additional content -->
    </SecondElement>
</soap:Envelope>
----

> To target the content of `FirstElement`, you have to define the namespace `soap:Envelope`. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To target the content of `FirstElement`, you have to define the namespace `soap`, whose schema is defined in `http://www.w3.org/2003/05/soap-envelope/`.
```

> To target the content of `FirstElement` inside `soap:Envelope`, you need to specify the `xmlns:soap` namespace. The XML Schema for the `xmlns:soap` namespace is defined in `http://www.w3.org/2003/05/soap-envelope/`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To target the content of `FirstElement` inside `soap:Envelope`, you specify the `xmlns:soap` namespace. The XML schema for `xmlns:soap` is defined in `http://www.w3.org/2003/05/soap-envelope/`.
```

|===
| Name | Type | Description | Default Value | Required
| Configuration | String | The name of the configuration to use. | | *x*{nbsp}

> | Content a| Binary |  +++The document to verify (includes the signature).+++ |  `#[payload]` | {nbsp}

Reviewer 3: Edit just to make the description a sentence, so that it is parallel with its peers:
```suggestion
| Content a| Binary |  +++Specifies the document to verify (includes the signature).+++ |  `#[payload]` | {nbsp}
```

| Element Path a| String |  +++For internally detached signatures, an unambiguous XPath expression that resolves to the signed element.+++ |  | {nbsp}

> | Use inline certificate if present a| Boolean |  +++Choose whether or not to validate the signature against a certificate contained in the +++`ds:Signature`+++ element, if the certificate is present.+++ | `"false"` | {nbsp}

Reviewer 3: This is a description, not a step, so a slight rewording:
```suggestion
| Use inline certificate if present a| Boolean |  +++Specifies whether or not to validate the signature against a certificate contained in the +++`ds:Signature`+++ element, if the certificate is present.+++ | `"false"` | {nbsp}
```

> | Key Id a| String |  +++The key ID, as defined in the JCE configuration.+++ |  | {nbsp}

Reviewer 3: ditto
```suggestion
| Key Id a| String |  +++Specifies the key ID, as defined in the JCE configuration.+++ |  | {nbsp}
```
